
-- 29.07.2024 --
First pass component placing is done. The size of the board and the upper board have been set. 

Stuff to do before the layout is done.
	Set up library properly
	Set up track sizes
	Set up all 3d objects
	Set up DRC
	Figure out how a label can be brought from schematic to pcb
	Put tracks



-- 25.07.2024 --
Finalized the schematic. 
Decided on all components. 
Started first pass layout.

Still need to check all pinouts

Don't like the current squarness of the board.

-- 22.07.2024 --
Schematic is done. 
Next steps are, 
	finding the components, preferably on jlcpcb. 
	Then selecting, finding, drawing footprints. 
	Then lower pcb layout.

Did some work on figuring out openamp. 

-- 21.07.2024 --
Finished all the work to wrapup with my last work. Been working more and more.
Schematic is around 80% done. Working on the sw architecture in parallel a bit, trying to get how to setup and use remoteproc.

-- 11.07.2024 --
I have quit my day job, so I can now start more intensive with this. !!!

	PCB lower plan:
		get general schematic set with chips and values selected
		create the components
		regenerate the schematic with propper components
		route the board

		+ route a quick upper adapter board adapting duos and duo to the lower connector. 


-- 15.06.2024 --

Boards have arrived. Gave both to Dpavlin. Gave duo256 to Plejic. 

Played with them a little bit. Read up on the mailbox and surounding functionalities. 
Built image with nixos. Experimented with "official" buildroot image and a debian image. 
Think will continue with the debian image.

Flow to do stuff

	build image
	build freertos binary for the other core
	start/stop execution on the small core
	change control of the pins from the linux core - device tree
	communicate between two cores
	figure out how would the full system be updated?

	start building the actual code for the EVSE

	PCB - lower
	finish the schematic
	update all schematic symbols and add pcb symbols
	route the pcb

	PCB - upper
	start with just an adapter for duos?
	start with schematic
		peripherals?
		usb
		ethernet
		lower board connector
		serial port
		sd-card + emcc footprint 
		wifi + bt? - skip on first version
		pcb version pins 
		couple of leds 
			power ( all rails? first version )
			couple for control ( linux, rtos ) - 4 pcs
		buttons
			boot
			reset
			additional for programming, at least two

	fix core selector to riscv?
	fix usb functionality to usb client only?
	
	PCB in general
	focus on jlcpcb parts?
	


-- 04-06-2024 --

THE BOARDS HAVE ARRIVED!!!

scp-ing to the device needs -O option

/dev/cvi-rtos-cmdqu is missing in the current latest image will try 1.0.9



-- 01-06-2024 --
Sent the inquiry email to Bituo. Looking into schematic. Ultra librarian is bullshit. 

-- 31-05-2024 --

Started with making the schematic outline. Just outline, so no pcb footprints, no particular values, no new symbols, etc. 

Need to send an email to bituo technic, to order RCD module, and see if they are going to be available in bulk. And also see how much is it going to cost. If expensive, make specific circuit.

-- 18-05-2024 -- 

Started
Started nix build on my laptop. That was a bit hot on my lap. Spun up an debian lxc on my proxmox server. Built there. 
nix --extra-experimental-features nix-command     build ".#hydraJobs.duo-256"

https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=27624763

It managed to get built

-- 17-05-2024 -- 
ordered development boards

